---
title: The Lesson to Stop Thinking
category: Life
---

I recently read a book by Joseph Nguyen titled 'Don't Believe Everything You Think'. The basic idea, in my comprehension, is written in a single line of quote of the book highlighted by an Instagram post that brought me to read this book: 

> The root cause of our suffering is our own thinking

<!-- more -->

After speed-reading this book in a single day, I sat down to contemplate the ideas of the book and relates it to how I get by day by day. On weekdays at work, if nothing happened and I stayed calm until the end of work, I usually do not think about work at all--or maybe I did, in a positive way. On those days, the rest of my day are filled with excitement. I can relax truly well. But sometimes--and very often--it is difficult to avoid bad days. I worked in Product, I need to interact with cross-department in daily basis to organize the work. There are just days where I over-think about those interactions until I slept. It hits me pretty well about how it's not about the events, it's all about how we perceive those events. 

As Dale Carnegie said in his reading guide of 'How to Win Friends & Influence People', I feel the need to implement this idea which was repeated over and over again in each chapter of the book: *do not think*. It's been a week since, whenever I started thinking about my day at work, I stopped myself. But it doesn't mean that I stop thinking entirely. I think, but I limit what I wanted to think about. And it feels good.

I truly recommend anyone suffering with overthinking to read this book!

...